Add a few READMEs + linter script (#899)
awslabs/smithy-rs: rust-runtime/aws-smithy-protocol-test/README.md

# Smithy Protocol Tests

This library implements utilities for validating serializers & deserializers
against [Smithy protocol tests](https://awslabs.github.io/smithy/1.0/spec/http-protocol-compliance-tests.html). Specifically, this crate includes support for:

> * MediaType-aware comparison for XML, JSON and AwsQuery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* MediaType-aware comparison for XML, JSON and AWS Query.
```
